Sitthiphol Yuwanaboon
Professor George Constantin 
English 101
10 May 2020
The Capital Socialists:
A Way of Cohesive Society
	The set of the government can determine the future of the community people living in. In different types of government, the people have a different kind of aspects of how they live in the society, and It might not be sufficient to enhance the government in the way the people does not agree and desire to have as the part of their life. In a good old world, people think that the United States has the greatest economy, but now china the country that has a basis of socialism and Capitalism together to connect all the parts of people in the world. It becomes a good advantage for the country to grow faster than then. We have to look at the culture in India, living as Democracy and Capitalism, but most of the people are in poverty. We have to look forward to the type of government is best suited to the society. As we know, The mixture of Capitalism and socialism can enhance society to be centralized by having a government to reduce the gaps from the free market (Capitalist), which helps the countries moving forward by regarding social gaps in society.
	The "oppressed" government might be casual to facture the relationship or trusty between people and government. It is because the government has to set the right amount of support to take care of their people instead of taxed them or put them in a bad situation. Lao Tzu states, 

"Throw away holiness and wisdom,
and people will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away morality and justice,
and people will do the right thing.
Throw away industry and profit,
and there won't be any thieves."
(Lao Tzu 59)
The government should make people strive for their own benefit and makes them become a master of peace and most civilized to other people as well. The government should not limit the potential of people's life should have, such as income, family, and dreams.
	As Asian Americans, the people have suffered from working hard and having a low wage, which makes personal health become the main factor that all the people should care about. As we raise the minimum wage, we also raise the cost of living either. Immigrant has a less chance to succeed in the community so that people need to become well-rounded and strong will skills to succeed in the community like Americans. The target for people does not have an education. They are less likely to survive in the community. They have to work so hard to get money and treat their family. On the other hand, people with education have a hard time to good jobs to satisfy their condition of how they are living. People are finding a hard time to get wealthy and become rich in the society.
	Capitalism has a good foundation of trades and negotiation of money C.T Kurien states, "Exchange is an expression of interdependence. In fact, in contrast with the vertical forms of interdependence that characterize pre-capitalist economic orders, Exchange is the manifestation of interdependence at the horizontal level." (Kurien 310) The Exchange becomes the mean of values, which can determine things such as products how much it cost. In the early age of American society, there were feudal states that people are exchanging humans for trade. It is not a good way to express to help conformity to the slaves, but the owners had benefits. It can drive the government and economic systems to work out by using the power of trading. 
	The wealthy are known as. "The bourgeoisie" in nowadays society. These people collect goods and profits from the lower classes, such as laborers and workers in society. The society tries to minimize gaps between classes, and the government tries to adjust the right amount of changes for forming a good community thoroughly. People are created equal under the constitution of each country. Charles Murray states, "egalitarian ideal wants people to be equal, and the reality is that people are not equal." (Murray 1) In a capitalist society, people are competing to earn real estates and income as much they can, to live a life according to the social norm, and economy that sets the values of people. People do not have the same chance to access resources because of lacking resources.
	In African countries, where are no place connected to a sea, people have less chance to make money because the majority of trade coming from ship cargos. The countries will have less chance to sell their product and exchange stuff for values. It will become problematic for the government to nourish the people without having a good economy under any circumstance of the type of government. As of the liberal states, people are arguing about the states' economy since the pandemic of the coronavirus; by taking control of individuals of an economy too much, people started obsessed about individuality under the frame of democracy that Americans are set up to. We see over a million cases in the United States, but people are starting protesting by not scaring off the diseases. The people are worried about surviving as lacking money rather than the death of themselves and their families.
	There were so many problems and outburst controversial in American society. As we know, society in America made the people smart by lacking the understanding of the macroscopic view of living. People just talked America is great; one guy said America is not great anymore after the sorority girl asked him a question. We did not nourish the people but waged them because of poverty. We did not do any great things other than wars. People are great because of the higher capita between people and believe an angle is real. We raise money for military defense more than 25 countries combined, and now we are at the peak of the pandemic in the world. Do should we doubt ourselves as the greatest one? Or most civilized?
	The greatest country on earth, the country that people become biased on political identities. People are just taking a side on for what the majority of people are belonged, by races and ethnicities. The countries that people used a gun to resolve personal problems and have hate crimes by so-called diversity. Diversity is great but living in a community with people who have a variety of characteristics and personalities. It sometimes it is hard to living. As Asians, we have to work hard and get a good job that fits our personality and classes. By liberty, someone might misuse these words as a target to give them a stand-in society, but they might not know what it means. There are limiting of freedom that people can pursue by not interfering with other people's business, basically not the expenses of other people.
In Academic Journal of Chou, Chih-Chieh about minority and racism,  Chih-Chieh Chou states,
"However, while America advocates its democratic system of inclusion, the logic of 'model minority' suggests an 'internal exclusion,' as Etienne Balibar argues.[26] The minorities' economically successful stories are set forth to illustrate the parity and equality of the American system, which is only significant for White America's nation-building. White supremacist ideology in such an assimilationist fashion." (Chou 1 )
To be successful in the community has the fundamentals of taking benefit from other people regardless of an effect and outcome to a target, a minority will suffer more rooted by the disadvantage of living. The runner does everything for their people, particular races, and ethnicities. We have known so many things about success stories from a variety of minority groups that has been attacked by a white supremacist of American people. It is a rule of thumb that people have to be living with. Somedays people would know what the desire of living and the potential is to live, to be good people and nourish the people. The types of government shaped the people in survivor mode, basically the natures of styles of living. By being an Asian person does need to take up so many things, but we just have the desire to live in the community and feel motivated to live in a community. (culture adaption)
	 A democratic socialist would become the new frontier that newer candidate would stand for what determines the direction of the society and the world, to become brand-new of reformed country. By integrating the good and bad between the sets of government, people would notice the right frequency of tone of the real civilization mean to each individual. Socialism has a common ground basis on equality to all people for rights that all men should have. Socialism might be a mistake for society in some events. The people are regulated with basis such cohesiveness like father and son. The world might be a better place for all people who want to cherish and love all kinds of humans. The world without tolerance, the world will degenerate in a worse way. 
	The wage of people is inversely proportional to the growth of countries. As people gained more money, the value of money will be decayed overtime after too much money out there. There will be regulation of the people that make them become a target of the human chain in society. People, as a worker, will have fewer advantages to succeed in the community regarding limiting the ability of one can do to their family and themselves. It is a part of us to consider what is good and best for society. four years of the presidential term might not be sufficient for the society like Americans because we need to change, not the buffer. Arguments in congress are oscillating over the place, and it never rests in equilibrium, and it sometimes becomes a bigger problem for society to take care. It can delay the growth in society; we might need to deconstruct the society into pieces and let them work out on targets that they want to make a change. It required centralized and decentralized power to hold things in places like chemical structure with the central body that can make elements become even stronger. 
	There should be ways for the people to see between "liberalism" and "collectivism" to make society become like what. Richard M Ebeling states,
"… the Collectivist demons had been set loose on the world. By the 1930s, there was not one major country devoted to the principles of Liberalism. Regardless of the particular variation on the Collectivist theme, practically every government in the world had or was implementing some form of economic planning and restricting the personal and commercial freedoms of its own citizenry. In the Soviet Union, the state-owned and controlled all of the resources and means of production. Production and distribution were directed by the central planning agencies in Moscow. In Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany."	( Ebeling and Shtromas 1)
The idea of collectivism, the central government control all the means of production, and people have not right to own the ownership, and it helps to stabilize the government in namely everyone is equal. Still, it subverts the privacy and ownership of individuals. People need to have goals and dreams to do something beautiful for the world and the country. It was good when the situation the country is at wartime, and they need supply from the government to provide resources to the military. That might be a good start for the country need to form "Collectivism" because the money will mean a lot less than before. Now it is not wartime or any kind of situation that all people go out and fights. It is a digital war and marketing in the trade of the means production of what the countries have. 
 	"Collectivism" was tragic to fail all communist states into pieces since nobody was in the war after World War II. As Liberal State in the Great Depression, people have relied on the government to provide jobs and supplies for their families. As no demand for production, the companies started not to make money and eventually crashed. All people need money to survive, and there was no job for people to do. It might be Catastrophic time in the century that all the countries could not sell their products, and also, the stock market had been crashed. The government was not sufficient to take care of all the businesses in the United States. As passing New Deals to reform and recovers the Great Depression by giving money and jobs for people. People started to notice that the centralized government can mend the fractures of the economy. By being inspectors of the country, observe and care the people by setting the boundary of forming a business in the society.

	
In our history, Americans, there was much chance for people to have their own life because feudalism made society trade humans as a part of the property. White people were incompetent in empathizing with other feelings. Jenifer M Frank said, "United States history is marked by a palatable strain between the compassionate sensibilities of charitable organizations and an unwillingness to sacrifice certain economic principles of autonomy and rugged individualism." (Frank and Rice 1) The people do not know how to sacrifice themselves and attached to the individuality of their property, which created Capitalism today. Based on the human instinct, it was inherited to the platform. Americans might lack compassion for the poor people, and they think it is because of individual states of being. White people might think of something to back up their expectations of stereotyping on the racial affair. People are wise in individual states, but they don't care about others. It causes problems between international relations, which can threaten the world.
In addition, there is no way for what platform for people should be directed to because it is not a linear relationship that we can notice what is gone wrong in society. It is a graph function that inference by so many social chains. The graph might become constructive and destructive in the region depend on the phase difference. This analogy can help us find the cause of the problems in society, which American society become toxic and wrecked in term of harmony of social understanding. Social capitalists might be the new frontier for our people to pursue and grow. By integrating socialism with cohesiveness and free trade market of right to freedom, people can do multiple things to make them happy for what they are in mental states. To reduce the gap between people, by the classes, estates, identities, belonging, and self, It helps people know the endless loop of argumentation in the world, and the people would live the best potential and highest mind in the happier community. By ignoring the social states, colors, ethnicity, there would be a world with diversity that can make people live without the boundary.

Works Cited
Chou, Chih-Chieh. "Critique of the Notion of Model Minority: An Alternative Racism to Asian
American?" Asian Ethnicity, vol. 9, no. 3, Oct. 2008, pp. 219–229. EBSCOhost, DOI:10.1080/14631360802349239. Accessed on 11 May 2020.
Clyburn, James E. "Developing the Will and the Way to Address Persistent Poverty in
America." Harvard Journal on Legislation, vol. 51, no. 1, Jan. 2014, pp. 1–18. EBSCOhost, search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=a9h&AN=95213023&site=ehost-live.Accessd on 13 May 2020.
Ebeling, Richard M., and Aleksandras Shtromas. "Liberalism and Collectivism in the 20th Century." 
Political Studies, vol. 41, no. 4, Dec. 1993, pp. 66–77. EBSCOhost, DOI:10.1111/j.1467-9248.1993.tb01804.x. Accessed on 11 May 2020.
Frank, Jennifer M., and Karen Rice. "Perceptions of Poverty in America: Using Social Empathy to 
Reframe Students' Attitudes." Social Work Education, vol. 36, no. 4, June 2017, pp. 391–402. EBSCOhost, DOI:10.1080/02615479.2017.1287261. Accessed on 11 May 2020.
Kurien, C. T. "Capitalism and Socialism: A Reconsideration." Ecumenical Review, vol. 43, no. 3, July 1991,
 p. 308. EBSCOhost, DOI:10.1111/j.1758-6623.1991.tb02721.x. Accessed on 12 May 2020.
Lao-Tzu. "Thought from the Tao-Te Ching." A World of Ideas: Essential Reading for
College Writers Tenth Edition, Published by Lee A. Jacobus, 2017, pp. 55-70.
Marx, Karl. "The Communist Manifesto." A World of Ideas: Essential Reading for College 
Writers Tenth Edition, Published by Lee A. Jacobus, 2017, pp. 335-359.
Murray, Charles. "The Pursuit of Happiness under Socialism and Capitalism." CATO Journal,
vol. 11, no. 2, Fall 1991, p. 239. EBSCOhost, search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=a9h&AN=9604112163&site=ehost-live. Accessed 21 April 2020. Accessed on 13 May 2020.



